Add 1.6.24 & 1.6.25 post (#352)
runelite/runelite.net: src/_posts/2020-08-26-10-00-1.6.25-Release.md

---
title: '1.6.24 & 1.6.25 Release'
description: 'Zalcano plugin, inventory tag underlines, GPU anisotropic filtering, potion duration tooltips, and mining session overlay'
author: Jordan
---

We have added a [Zalcano plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Zalcano) which offers
several useful arrow highlights and overlays. Thanks to [@Hexagon](https://github.com/hex-agon) for
this contribution!

![Weakened Zalcano with a hint arrow above her](/img/blog/1.6.25-Release/zalcano-hint-arrow.png)

The [Inventory Tags plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Inventory-Tags) can now
draw an underline as a more subtle option for your tagged items. Thanks to
[@jualkaup](https://github.com/jualkaup) for this feature.

![Inventory tag underlines](/img/blog/1.6.25-Release/inventory-tag-underline.png)

We have added an anisotropic filtering setting to the [GPU

> plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/GPU) which makes textures appear smoother and have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/GPU) that makes textures appear smoother and have
```

> fewer "jagged" and sharp pixels, especially when zoomed out as is shown in the comparison table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fewer "jagged" and sharp pixels, especially when zoomed out, as shown in the comparison table
```

for making this feature happen.

|                                   GPU anisotropic filtering enabled                                    |                                    GPU anisotropic filtering disabled                                    |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| ![GPU plugin with anisotropic filtering enabled](/img/blog/1.6.25-Release/gpu-anisotropic-enabled.mp4) | ![GPU plugin with anisotropic filtering disabled](/img/blog/1.6.25-Release/gpu-anisotropic-disabled.mp4) |

The [Item Stats plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Item-Stats) now displays a tooltip
for duration effects granted by antipoison potions, anti-fire potions, and the like. Thanks to
[@MMagicala](https://github.com/MMagicala) for this enhancement.

![Potion duration tooltips](/img/blog/1.6.25-Release/potion-duration-tooltips.png)

The [Mining plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Mining) now displays a session overlay

> which counts your ores mined, and ores mined per hour, along with an indicator of whether you are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that counts ores mined per hour and throughout the session, along with an indicator of whether you are
```

currently mining. Thanks to [@JZomerlei](https://github.com/JZomerlei) for this addition.

![Mining session overlay while actively mining](/img/blog/1.6.25-Release/mining-session.png)
![Mining session overlay when not actively mining](/img/blog/1.6.25-Release/mining-session-not-mining.png)

There are also several smaller improvements and bug fixes, including:

- The [Timers plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Timers) now shows an infobox with

>   your elapsed fight cave or inferno time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  your elapsed Fight Cave or Inferno time
```

- Interacting with [Bank Tag
  tabs](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Bank-Tags#using-tag-tabs) no longer clears your
  active bank search
- The [Inventory Grid plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Inventory-Grid) now operates
  while viewing your bank
- An issue causing Discord party invites to fail has been fixed
- Tooltip labels have been added to clue scroll and minigame entries in the [HiScore
  plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/HiScore)
- The [Agility plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Agility) now estimates your laps
  per hour more accurately
- Some Godwars Dungeon obstacles and the Prifddinas portals are now highlighted properly by the
  [Agility plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Agility)

> - The [Clue Scroll plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Clue-Scroll) plugin now shows a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [Clue Scroll plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Clue-Scroll) now shows a
```

  location description for map clues
- The [Cannon plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Cannon) now suggests a spot for

>   Meiyerditch Laboratory Bloodvelds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Bloodveld in the Meiyerditch Laboratories
```

- You can now look up your Nightmare kill count with the [Chat Commands
  plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Chat-Commands) using the `nm`, `tnm`, and
  `nmare` abbreviations
- Teleport tablets are now labeled by the [Item Identification
  plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Item-Identification)

> - The [Nightmare Zone plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Nightmare-Zone) plugin can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [Nightmare Zone plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Nightmare-Zone) can
```

>   notifications prior to your overload boosts expiring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  notifications prior to your Overload boost's expiration
```

Author: This one is fine as-is

>   now send notifications for your Nightmare zone overload boosts expiring prior to it expiring

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  now send notifications prior to your overload boosts expiring
```

- A bug which could cause flash notifications to become stuck has been fixed
- The [Menu Entry Swapper plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Menu-Entry-Swapper) now
  swaps the "Collect" option on Advisor Ghrim, the various quick-travel menu entries on Rellekka
  NPCs, and prefers the "Last-destination" option when using the Zanaris fairy ring
- The [Cooking plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Cooking) now updates its session
  counter when drying sinew
- The [Prayer plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Prayer) now shows a sensible
  duration text for durations greater than 1 hour
- Iorwerth Warriors are now understood to be elves by the [Slayer
  plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Slayer)
- XD and pleading emojis have been added to the [Emojis
  plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Emojis) with the `Xd` and `(n_n)` triggers,
  respectively

> - Vyres have been added to the [thieving skill

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vyres have been added to the [Thieving skill
```

  calculator](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/Skill-Calculator)
- A bug where Chambers of Xeric personal best times were not recorded for certain team sizes has
  been fixed
- The [World Map plugin](https://github.com/runelite/runelite/wiki/World-Map) no longer shows a
  misplaced quest icon for the Misthalin Mystery quest

> - Bird nests, and openings of the grubby, stone, Dorgesh-Kaan, and H.A.M chests are now tracked by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bird nests and the opening of grubby, stone, Dorgesh-Kaan, and H.A.M. chests are now tracked by
```
